'\" t
.\"
.\" Modified for Solaris to to add the Solaris stability classification,
.\" and to add a note about source availability.
.\" 
.TH "RDMA_CREATE_EVENT_CHANNEL" 3 "2007-05-15" "librdmacm" "Librdmacm Programmer's Manual" librdmacm
.SH NAME
rdma_create_event_channel \- Open a channel used to report communication events.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B "#include <rdma/rdma_cma.h>"
.P
.B "struct rdma_event_channel *" rdma_create_event_channel
.BI "(" void ");"
.SH ARGUMENTS
.IP "void" 12
no arguments
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
Asynchronous events are reported to users through event channels.
.SH "NOTES"
Event channels are used to direct all events on an rdma_cm_id.  For many
clients, a single event channel may be sufficient, however, when managing
a large number of connections or cm_id's, users may find it useful to direct
events for different cm_id's to different channels for processing.
.P
All created event channels must be destroyed by calling
rdma_destroy_event_channel.  Users should call rdma_get_cm_event to
retrieve events on an event channel.
.P
Each event channel is mapped to a file descriptor.  The associated file
descriptor can be used and manipulated like any other fd to change its
behavior.  Users may make the fd non-blocking, poll or select the fd, etc.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
rdma_cm(7), rdma_get_cm_event(3), rdma_destroy_event_channel(3)
.\" Begin Sun update
.SH ATTRIBUTES
See
.BR attributes (5)
for descriptions of the following attributes:
.sp
.TS
box;
cbp-1 | cbp-1
l | l .
ATTRIBUTE TYPE	ATTRIBUTE VALUE
_
Availability	network/open-fabrics
_
Interface Stability	Volatile
.TE 
.PP
.SH NOTES
Source for OFED is available from http://www.openfabrics.org/.
.\" End Sun update
