'\" t
.\"
.\" Modified for Solaris to to add the Solaris stability classification,
.\" and to add a note about source availability.
.\" 
.TH RDS-INFO 1 "October 30, 2006"
.SH "NAME"
rds-info - display information from the RDS kernel module
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B rds-info [-cknrstIT]

.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
The utility presents various sources of information that
the RDS kernel module maintains.  When run without any optional arguments
will output all the information it knows of.  When options are specified then
only the information associated with those options is displayed.

The options are as follows:
.SH OPTIONS
.PP
.TP 7
\fB\-v
Requests verbose output. When this option is given, some classes of information
will display additional data.

.TP
\fB\-c
Display global counters.  Each counter increments as its event
occurs.  The counters may not be reset.  The set of supported counters
may change over time.

.IP	CounterName
The name of the counter.  These names come from the kernel and can change
depending on the capability of the kernel module.
.IP 	Value
The number of times that the counter has been incremented since the kernel
module was loaded.

.TP
\fB\-k\fR
Display all the RDS sockets in the system.  There will always be one socket
listed that is neither bound to nor connected to any addresses because
itself uses an unbound socket to collect information.

.IP	BoundAddr, BPort
The IP address and port that the socket is bound to.  0.0.0.0 0 indicates that
the socket has not been bound.
.IP	ConnAddr, CPort
The IP address and port that the socket is connected to.  0.0.0.0 0 indicates
that the socket has not been connected.
.IP	SndBuf, RcvBuf
The number of bytes of message payload which can be queued for sending or
receiving on the socket, respectively.
.IP	Inode
The number of the inode object associated with the socket. Can be used to
locate the process owning a given socket by searching /proc/*/fd for
open files referencing a socket with this inode number.

.TP
\fB\-n\fR
Display all RDS connections.  RDS connections are maintained between
nodes by transports.  

.IP	LocalAddr
The IP address of this node.  For connections that originate and terminate on
the same node the local address indicates which address initiated the
connection establishment.
.IP	RemoteAddr
The IP address of the remote end of the connection.  
.IP	NextTX
The sequence number that will be given to the next message that is sent
over the connection.
.IP	NextRX
The sequence number that is expected from the next message to arrive over
the connection.  Any incoming messages with sequence numbers less than this
will be dropped.
.IP	Flg
Flags which indicate the state of the connection. 

.IP 		s
	A process is currently sending a message down
	the connection.
.IP 		c
	The transport is attempting to connect to the
	remote address.
.IP 		C
	The connection to the remote host is connected
	and active.

.TP
\fB\-r\fR, \fB\-s\fR, \fB\-t\fR
Display the messages in the receive, send, or retransmit queues respectively.

.IP	LocalAddr, LPort
The local IP address and port on this node associated with the message. For
sent messages this is the source address, for receive messages it is the
destination address.
.IP	RemoteAddr, RPort
The remote IP address and port associated with the message. For sent messages
this is the destination address, for receive messages it is the source address.
.IP	Seq
The sequence number of the message.
.IP	Bytes
The number of bytes in the message payload.


.PP
The following information sources are dependent on specific transports which
may not always be available. 

.TP 7
\fB\-I\fR
Display the IB connections which the IB transport is using to provide
RDS connections.

.IP	LocalAddr
The local IP address of this connection.
.IP	RemoteAddr
The remote IP address of this connection.
.IP	LocalDev
The local IB Global Identifier, printed in IPv6 address syntax.
.IP	RemoteDev
The remote IB Global Identifier, printed in IPv6 address syntax.

If verbose output is requested, per-connection settings such as the
maximum number of send and receive work requests will be displayed
in addition.

.TP 7
\fB\-T\fR
Display the TCP sockets which the TCP transport is using to provide
RDS connections.

.IP	LocalAddr, LPort
The local IP address and port of this socket.
.IP	RemoteAddr, RPort
The remote IP address and port that this socket is connected to.
.IP	HdrRemain
The number of bytes that must be read off the socket to complete the next
full RDS header.
.IP	DataRemain
The number of bytes that must be read off the socket to complete the data
payload of the message which is being received.
.IP	SentNxt
The TCP sequence number of the first byte of the last message that we sent
down the connection.
.IP	ExpectedUna
The TCP sequence number of the byte past the last byte of the last message
that we sent down the connection.  When we see that the remote side has
acked up to this byte then we know that the remote side has received all
our RDS messages.
.IP	SeenUna
The TCP sequence number of the byte past the last byte which has been
acked by the remote host.
.\" Begin Sun update
.SH ATTRIBUTES
See
.BR attributes (5)
for descriptions of the following attributes:
.sp
.TS
box;
cbp-1 | cbp-1
l | l .
ATTRIBUTE TYPE	ATTRIBUTE VALUE
_
Availability	network/open-fabrics
_
Interface Stability	Volatile
.TE 
.PP
.SH NOTES
Source for OFED is available from http://www.openfabrics.org/.
.\" End Sun update
