'\" t
.\"
.\" Modified for Solaris to to add the Solaris stability classification,
.\" and to add a note about source availability.
.\" 
.TH RDS-PING 1 "Apr 22, 2008"
.SH NAME
rds-ping - test reachability of remote node over RDS

.SH SYNOPSIS
.B rds-ping [-c count] [-i interval] [-I local_addr] remote_addr

.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
rds-ping is used to test whether a remote node is reachable over RDS.
Its interface is designed to operate pretty much the standard ping(1M) 
utility, even though the way it works is pretty different.
.PP
rds-ping opens several RDS sockets and sends packets to port 0 on
the indicated host. This is a special port number to which
no socket is bound; instead, the kernel processes incoming
packets and responds to them.
.SH OPTIONS
The following options are available for use on the command line:
.PP
.TP 7
\fB\-c count
Causes rds-ping to exit after sending (and receiving) the specified number of
packets.
.TP
\fB\-I address
By default, rds-ping will pick the local source address for the RDS socket based
on routing information for the destination address (i.e. if
packets to the given destination would be routed through interface
ib0 ,
then it will use the IP address of
ib0
as source address).
Using the
.Fl I
option, you can override this choice.
.TP
\fB\-i timeout
By default, rds-ping will wait for one second between sending packets. Use this option
to specified a different interval. The timeout value is given in
seconds, and can be a floating point number. Optionally, append
msec
or
usec
to specify a timeout in milliseconds or microseconds, respectively.
.IP
Specifying a timeout considerably smaller than the packet round-trip
time will produce unexpected results.

.SH AUTHORS
rds-ping
was written by Olaf Kirch <olaf.kirch@oracle.com>.
.S~ SEE ALSO
rds 7, rds-info 1, rds-stress 1.
.\" Begin Sun update
.SH ATTRIBUTES
See
.BR attributes (5)
for descriptions of the following attributes:
.sp
.TS
box;
cbp-1 | cbp-1
l | l .
ATTRIBUTE TYPE	ATTRIBUTE VALUE
_
Availability	network/open-fabrics
_
Interface Stability	Volatile
.TE 
.PP
.SH NOTES
Source for OFED is available from http://www.openfabrics.org/.
.\" End Sun update
